# Game
Create a game where there are students trying to escape school and have to avoid the teachers/guards. There are 10 levels in total. Each level would be a different square shaped classroom. In each classroom there are 3 guards/teachers that wanders around randomly with a flashlight. The guards move 1.2x faster than the player. The room is pitch black. There are around 25 desks and chairs around the room so that it acts as an obstacle. The desks and chairs are randomly placed in each level. The player will have to get around the desks and chairs to get around the room. The students need to navigate throughout the room and find three codes located randomly inside the level. The final objective is to finish 10 levels and find all the codes to escape the school. When the player collects/walks over the clues, a letter that is part of a randomly generated 30 letter string is displayed on the screen, along with a number that displays the order of the letter in the string. The clue continues to be displayed on the screen until the player hits enter (guards stop moving when clue is displayed but the timer continues). As the level increases, the range of the flashlight that the guards carry increases, making it easier for the students to be detected. The speed of the guard doubles as they walk towards the book, and it is reset back to the original speed once the guard reaches the textbook. The number of textbooks inside each room increases as the level increases. If a teacher catches the player, the game ends and a black screen with the text "GAME OVER" is displayed. There is a timer on the top right hand corner of the screen that keeps track of how long it takes for the player to finish the game. An area of a circle(around the size of a quarter) around the character is illuminated/bright, allowing the player to see. Once the player collects all 3 clues in the level, a black screen is displayed for 3 seconds and then displays the next room/level. There are also random textbooks on the floor inside the room. There are 10 textbooks in each level. If the player gets close to the textbook (within

The controls for the first player is w(forward), a(left), s(back), d(right). In multiplayer mode, both players will control the same character. The first player can only move the character forward (w) and back (s) and the second player can move the character left (left arrow) and right (right arrow). Pressing “i” will allow the player to view all the hints/codes they have collected.

While moving around the room, if the guards meet face to face, the guards overlap and continue to move in the direction they were moving. If the guard encounters a wall/corner, the guard randomly chooses a direction to move in. 
The clues are located on the ground in the room and not on any object(desks/chairs). 
The characters, textbooks, and objects/obstacles are around the size of a penny. The guards are about the size of a quarter. The clues are shaped like paper and are half the size of the player character. 

At the end of the last level, the player must compile all the codes to spell out a randomly generated string that must be entered to allow the players to escape. The screen is just a black screen that displays 30 lines where the player can type in the final string. The player can view the codes again by pressing i and viewing the inventory. The inventory
lists the codes in the order the player collected them. The player has 2 tries to enter in the correct code. If the player enters in the incorrect string both tries, the game ends and the player loses. If the player enters in the correct string, the timer stops and the game ends. The end screen displays the time it took for the player to complete the game on the middle of the screen and the best time is also displayed below it.
